Yes, Miss Zhe
you you
It was you who solved A Lin's problem just now
I didn’t think about what I heard
Arin, why are you doing this to me?
I have loved you for so many years, why do you do this to me?
Because I didn't like you from the beginning
I told you very clearly, but you still don't believe me
Okay, you are. It’s all you who want to leave. You just look good.
Hey, please come back. I'm accompanying Miss Shuang.
Come, you come back too, Miss Shuang
You come back too Miss Shuang Miss Shuang
But Miss Shuang went home
I made an appointment with Miss Zhenzhen today
What are you doing?
You took care of me an hour ago. You are Miss Zhu.
I want to talk to Gu Li
But no
I made an appointment
I said yes